README.md, before:

# MoneyPrinter V2

An Application that automates every process of making money online.

> **Note:** MPV2 needs Python 3.9 to function effectively.

## Features

- [x] Twitter Bot (with CRON Jobs => `scheduler`)
- [x] YouTube Shorts Automater
- [ ] Trading Predictions
- [ ] Automated Content Generation
- [ ] Item Flipping
- [ ] Automated Cold Calling
- [ ] Find local businesses & cold outreach
- [ ] Affiliate Marketing (AliBaba, Amazon, etc.)

## Installation

Please install [Microsoft Visual C++ build tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/visual-cpp-build-tools/) first, so that CoquiTTS can function correctly.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FujiwaraChoki/MoneyPrinterV2.git

# Activate the virtual environment

# Windows
.\venv\Scripts\activate

# Unix
source venv/bin/activate

# Install the requirements
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

```bash
# Run the application
python src/main.py
```

## Documentation

All relevant document can be found [here](docs/).

## Contributing

Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Code of Conduct

Please read the [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License

MoneyPrinterV2 is licensed under `Affero General Public License v3.0`. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Acknowledgments

- [CoquiTTS](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS)
- [gpt4free](https://github.com/xtekky/gpt4free)

## Disclaimer

This project is for educational purposes only. The author will not be responsible for any misuse of the information provided. All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. The author does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability, and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website (FujiwaraChoki/MoneyPrinterV2), is strictly at your own risk. The author will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website.

Commit message:

Add YouTube Shorts Automater and Affiliate Marketing features

README.md, after:

# MoneyPrinter V2

An Application that automates every process of making money online.

> **Note:** MPV2 needs Python 3.9 to function effectively.

Please note MPV2 is a work in progress and does not have all mentioned features implemented yet.

## Features

- [x] Twitter Bot (with CRON Jobs => `scheduler`)
- [x] YouTube Shorts Automater (with CRON Jobs => `scheduler`)
- [ ] Affiliate Marketing (AliBaba, Amazon, etc.)
- [ ] Trading Predictions
- [ ] Item Flipping
- [ ] Automated Cold Calling
- [ ] Find local businesses & cold outreach

## Installation

Please install [Microsoft Visual C++ build tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/visual-cpp-build-tools/) first, so that CoquiTTS can function correctly.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FujiwaraChoki/MoneyPrinterV2.git

# Activate the virtual environment

# Windows
.\venv\Scripts\activate

# Unix
source venv/bin/activate

# Install the requirements
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

```bash
# Run the application
python src/main.py
```

## Documentation

All relevant document can be found [here](docs/).

## Contributing

Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Code of Conduct

Please read the [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License

MoneyPrinterV2 is licensed under `Affero General Public License v3.0`. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Acknowledgments

- [CoquiTTS](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS)
- [gpt4free](https://github.com/xtekky/gpt4free)

## Disclaimer

This project is for educational purposes only. The author will not be responsible for any misuse of the information provided. All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. The author does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability, and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website (FujiwaraChoki/MoneyPrinterV2), is strictly at your own risk. The author will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website.
